welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going back to explore a haunted
house with kevin bacon and david kepp
the writer and director of stir of
echoes with the 2020 film you should
have left to commit your soul to the
devil in repentance for your sins and to
spare your innocent family subscribe to
the channel let's get to it
we open a strange man hobbling around a
house the thump
thump of his cane awakes ella a
precocious little girl who immediately
curses herself for leaving her door open
like an amateur but it's too late the
spooky creeper is now in her room but
then she wakes up
only to find him again and reveal this
is actually her father theo's nightmare
we learn from
subsequent scenes that theo is in the
process of healing via meditation and
that his wife susanna is an actress
we learn this when he's barred from
entry to her closed set as she fakes an
unnervingly familiar orgasm nearby
shattering the view he held of himself
as a master coxman
theo leaves a message for her and is
disturbed to see a hint of
recognition in the pa's eye so later
they agree to put all this nonsense
behind them with a trip to wales
for some secluded family time in between
her projects
a quick online booking later and they're
soon driving through the countryside
narrowly avoiding other vehicles and
eventually arriving at their chateau
they get acclimated so we can get a feel
for the house layout and be
informed of how bad cell service is in
the area a necessity for proper horror
and then a quick discussion regarding
the nature of death before it becomes
night time where we get our first
indications that
things ain't right via shadows and then
theo confirming loudly and he doesn't
like when people recognize him because
it's always for negative reasons then
it's bedtime so he goes on a voyage to
close up shop
finding switches galore and always
another room
when he finally returns to the bedroom
he's confused to find susannah sleeping
deeply but we see that he's been gone
for about five
hours the next day he wakes up late and
gets in some hardcore journaling while
the girls enjoy a nature walk it's here
through ella's astute questioning we
learn that people recognize
theo due to the highly publicized death
of his prior wife
foul play was suspected and he was
convicted in the court of public opinion
when he's done journaling his brains out
he heads into town for a few staples
the unusual shopkeep wonders if
anything's happened at the house yet and
if he's met the owner mr stetler
he's then given the gift of right angles
on his way out where he's confronted by
another resident
interested in how he came across the
house and if he's met mr stetler he
returns to learn the talk he's been
preparing himself for has already
happened without him putting him in a
fairly sour mood
the embers of this spat are fanned
repeatedly over all kinds of
inconsequential things
including the details of who sent whom
the link to the booking for this
accursed house on the edge of nowhere
that evening during tubby time theo
assuages his lingering insecurities
about susanna by inspecting all of her
personal
electronic devices finding them all to
be fully charged and in good working
order he proactively apologizes for his
ill will toward her
which he considers sinful so after a
restless sleep he gets back to
daydreaming about murder and finds a
curious note in his journal he only
dwells on this momentarily before
there's a knock at a new door that opens
to a space that
seems architecturally impossible as he
ventures in he finds the house of leaves
has a bit of everything
polaroids of his family unexplainable
expanses
his dead daughter and don't get me
started on the nearly unwakeable
nightmares
the next morning we learn they're all
having nightmares and have developed a
distaste for the house
so they prepare to leave and right as
theo's mental health reaches a high
point he texts susanna only to discover
that she has two phones
when confronted she immediately fesses
up to her infidelity he insists she
leave immediately but without
ella because she's lost that privilege
you're not making the rules now
you broke the rules there are no rules
anymore well that's confusing
and he makes it clear he just needs a
knight alone to think things through
with his fragile shattered mind
while he does his best at single
parenting a water spill reveals another
oddity of the floor plan
theo uses his right angle to determine
that something is definitely wrong here
about something they measure and find
the inside of the room to be five feet
longer than the outside
a unique feature of welsh architecture
ella goes inside to get her coat and
disappears and when theo goes to find
her he gets himself stuck in some sort
of cycling floor plan
ella eventually finds a room that
contains her father's sins
and a creepy man this sets her to
screaming which gives theo the
connection he needs to break through to
where she's at and they resolve to not
leave each other's company until mommy
comes to pick them up
but she can't be reached so this is a
tentative plan theo is able to use a
landline to reach the general store but
the town isn't big enough to support any
sort of public livery service
so instead of sending him a cab the
shopkeep tells a story about the devil
building a tower to collect
souls and how it may get knocked down
but he always rebuilds
ok thank you they opt to leave their
crap behind and hoof it into town as a
figure watches them from the house
despite walking downhill the whole way
on the one road into town they find
themselves back at the house
since it's too cold to stay outside
they're forced to spend the night
attracted by the sound of running water
theo puts a door between himself and
ella
allowing the house to do its work as he
searches for her he finds the tub
and is accosted by the bather he
eventually breaks free and begins
running through the house finding
himself
emerging from doors and halls into
random rooms and at random times
eventually meeting mr stetler he
attempts to compel him to let ella go
but he explains it's up to theo to let
her go as we learn about the sins of the
father and whatnot with this lesson well
learned they're reunited
recognizing he has to sever his
attachment to his family to keep them
from being anchored to him he loads ella
into the car and drives susanna away by
admitting that he had an opportunity to
save his prior wife but he chose to do
nothing
so he belongs at the place where he's at
and goes then to where he belongs
just a quick reminder that i've created
a website that allows you to make
donations to support the channel any
donation earns you a link to an
uncensored
10 minute video featuring toby hooper's
life force any additional support is
greatly appreciated as far as the movie
is concerned this one was pretty good
not as good as stir of echoes but it's
easy to appreciate what they were trying
to do here
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching